-*-APP PSUEDOCODE-*-

Lets plan this out. 

So what is the core feature of this app? 
	It is a to do app, that resides in your phone. 
	
	When you start, it will ask you what time you want to start your day and what time you want to end your day.
	The App will also ask for notification permission. It cannot work without permission.
	
	This will be your recurring check in and check out times. Something you will be able to change in the settings menu. 
	on your check in time, a popup will appear on the top right/left/bottom or top of your screen, asking for permission to have your attention. 
	If you choose no, it'll wait 30 minutes before asking again. 
	
	Once you press yes, a popup will appear on the center of your screen. You will be prompted to type a maximum of five tasks to focus on today.
	(maybe there can be little quotes of the day too?)
	
	The app will leave you be for the rest of the day, although the tasks will be visible using a widget on your home screen. 
	
	At check out time, the app will ask for permission to have your attention again. If you choose no, it'll try again in 30 minutes. 
	When you press yes,the same popup will appear.

	But this time, the app asks you to check what you've done today. You can't check anything yourself until checkout time.
	 This is done to have you reflect on what you've done, after the day is over. 
	
	The list of tasks always resets each day.

What else am i thinking? 

	In the setting tab, You can customize where the prompt shows up,
	you can change check in and check out times whenever. 
	
	Maybe I can add a reflect mode or not, say some people may prefer to check tasks as they do them, while others may enjoy reflecting on their day.
	
	I want a history tab, where data is saved and shown, like the github contribution blocks. 

	What if users could connect with other users? Have a leaderboard and be able to compete with each other? 

	Autism and ADHD friendly mode? AKA  Minimilistic and Chaotic mode XD 
	

Create a Roadmap: 
	Version 1: Get basics down. Get 5 tasks down. See them on screen. Get check in and check out  notifications on time.
	Version 2? 

	Lets just focus on making it first. 
